YES YES YES

I say YES to Dumpling House.

This as Chinese and as Dumpling as it gets, authentic stuff. 

Huge selection and something for all, but we kept it 100 and got the Pork and Chives fried dumplings and Pork and Chinese cabbage steamed dumplings.

Left very happy and satisfied.

Arrived in Kensington at 10pm with a Montreal posse craving dumplings. Whipped out ze Yelps and discovered the #1 rated spot was around the corner and open for another hour. We ordered 4 kinds, about 14 dumplings per person, and despite the wise-eyed doubt of one dinner companion while ordering we plowed through them all, plus a cucumber garlic salad. 

Everything was the best. The pork and fennel was insane and I could eat like 100 of these every other day. The fried dumplings were delicate and gorgeous. Each pocket was lovingly made by hand in the front window by a multigenerational crew of laughing ladies. The cucumber and garlic in the salad were both super crisp and fresh and the flavour so intense it will burn the evil out of you, purify you and make you new. Super friendly service, tiny cute spot, but all that matters are the perfect dumplings and they are perfect.

My favourite kind of house music is "Dumpling House." It's like, normal house music, but it sounds like you're trapped in a hot dumpling covered in shiny dumpling goo. It's quite sexy and liberating. Very big in Japan but then isn't everything. I'm also quite big in Japan, comparatively speaking, which is why I like going there. But this review is about China. Well, Toronto. But amazing Chinese food in Toronto. So let's get on with it.

What to get: Pan Fried Pork And Chive Dumplings
Why: Because like the Bee Gees, you'll love Chive Talking

"Dumplings" is not just a nickname for people who have just been dumped. Nope. It's also one of the most famous and delicious culinary exports of China. Having a dumpling in your palm is like having China in your hand. And then like that other thing you often hold in your palm, you squeeze it and it shoots goo all over your wrist, and there's a million dead dumplings all over you. Tragic. But anyway.

Dumpling House restaurant. I've been here 3 times now. The first two occasions, they were probably the best fried soup dumplings I've ever tasted, and definitely done very differently to anywhere else I've tried them. This most recent time, they were very good, but not "the best ever", which I think might reflect how many good dumplings I've now tried all over the place. And yet I really can't think of a place where I like the dumplings better, or as much, as these fried piping-hot pockets of juicy greasy goodness, and so I will say - for now - that Dumpling House has the best dumplings I've ever had, to date. And better than the "best places in NYC", all of which I've tried.

One rival to the throne is nearby - around the corner at the much-less-busy Yummy Yummy Dumplings, they make some really good ones too. Try both!

The experience is worth the incredibly cheap price of dumplings by itself. You get ushered into tiny communal tables where you have absolutely no room to eat or talk or move or play with yourself under the table (what, don't tell me I'm the only one who does this at dinner) (well then you must not go to dinner with the people I go to dinner with).

Service is brisk, but nice, much as with your Auntie. They get you in and out quickly, much like me, if you visit my bedroom on a Friday night (ooh speaking of which it's Friday. Better get ready. Starlight, help me clean up and I'll give you Temptations).

So you need to get the Pan-Fried Pork-And-Chive dumplings. The most important element is the pan-fried part, because that's what this place specializes in. They come out looking like some sort of a pancake, with crispy brown fried bits connecting all of the dumplings together. But don't fear. These are, indeed dumplings, Jim. Just not as we know them.

Still one of the best places to eat in Toronto, and one of the reasons I come up here often (do you come here often?) along with the Creme Brulee donut at Von Doughnuts, the scoops at Ed's, the Loukamades from Athens Pastries, the Banh Mi Boys, the custard fish at Kevin's Taiyyaki, and a few other gems around the city.

Anyway, skip your kids' fave place (Munchkin House), the gym (Pumping House), the other gym you pay for but never go to (Dumbbell House), the place that sells kids books (Rumplestiltskin House), the hospital where you always get sick (Mumps House), and the brothel (Humping House), and come here instead. There is no better place to get piping hot goo sprayed right down your throat from the merest of nibbles.