I have created a food Meetup group in Toronto, with the emphasis being on dining in restaurants that offer tasty and affordable food.  Little did I know that most of the restaurants that serve affordable and delicious food in Toronto, do not take reservations. Bummer! Boy do I have my work cut out for me.

I spend a great deal of time reading through reviews and browsing menus, and one evening I was growing weary and I was just going to give up for the evening when I stumbled upon Be Fresh, Eat Healthy. I know, I thought it was an odd name too. According to the majority of the reviews, this place was deemed to be a "hole in the wall" but with beautifully presented and delicious tasting food. If that wasn't enticing enough, the portions were described as huge and great value at $25 for 3 courses (they don't have an a la carte menu)! I immediately contacted the restaurant and made reservations for 12 people.

When we arrived at the restaurant, our table was ready for us in the back. By the time everyone had arrived, we already knew what we wanted to order. In fact, I always know what I want to order because I have a habit of reviewing the menus of restaurants I plan to visit repeatedly until I am certain of what I am going to order. I know you are thinking, "get a life!" :) What can I say? I love food!

Below are some pictures of the food we ordered. And let me tell you, the food was spectacular! So much so that I returned with another group of people 2 weeks later! Chef Dan has this amazing ability to mix savory and sweet. The combination of fruits, meat and vegetables somehow worked. I would normally coward away from eating both vegetables and fruits together, but Chef Dan managed to convert me. It was also my first time eating quail. How he managed to get the quail to remain juicy and tender is beyond me. Quail is one of those tricky birds to cook because of its small size.

All my guests enjoyed their meal. And believe me, that is a hard feat to accomplish. In total I brought 24 people to this restaurant in a span of 3 weeks, and every person gave it 5/5. I just fear that they are going to realize how much of a deal their menu is that they will bump up the price. But that said, I would not blame them. How many fixed menus offer quail and shrimp as an appetizer option? And we cannot forget the portion sizes. Just the pork chop alone had people in awe. I highly recommend that you pay them a visit. ASAP! Oh, and say hi to Chef Dan and his wife! They are truly 2 lovely people running a hidden treasure in Toronto.

FYI:
*Do not email or use their "contact us" option on their website. They do not check email.
*They don't have a liquor license.

Strangely named for a restaurant that lives in a bare, rectangular box, that serves food that looks like it came out of a cuisine magazine and tastes amazing - everything about this place is so confusing!

I'm in town for work and braved -28 F weather to walk down the street and try one of the most oddly named and not-so-extravagant looking top rated restaurants I've ever been to.  I wanted something yummy that would fit within my stipend and fill me up.  Thank you Yelp, for Yelping me out :)

Eat Fresh Be Healthy - I asked the owner what the origin of the name was, and all she said was "He (the chef) just made something up".  LOL.  Ok, that makes sense then.

4.5 stars, rounded up.

Exterior - unassuming, hole-in-the-wall looking almost.  Don't let that fool you!
Interior - open kitchen and extremely smelly.  I left the place smelling like grease and oil - yuck.  They had the fan off today because it's so frigid outside - something about cold air coming inside - which makes sense.  Also, half the lights were off and it was almost like eating in an abandoned store.  Mostly, the -.5 points comes off here.

The chef and his wife are both Sri Lankan.  I asked the wife how they would categorize their dishes - Italian fusion... interesting.  I noticed that the wife went around each table and asked each party where they found out about the restaurant and all said the same - online.  Then I noticed she mentioned to everyone that if they enjoyed their experience, to please write about it online.  Good marketing tactic I suppose, but I'm writing my review not because I was asked, but because I feel like this place deserves some love.  

Dishes are cooked to order and may take a little longer than you would expect, but it comes out hot and fresh.  The presentation is amazing - they really take their time to make your dishes look tasty.

Food:

$25, prix fixe - 3 courses.

Pan-seared quail - this is some of the best poultry/bird I have ever had.  I don't usually like poultry!  Wonderfully seasoned and flavorful quail on top of a bed of argula, pomegranate, and blackberries.  My favorite out of the 3 dishes.  Perfectly cooked.

Ontario braised lamb ribs - 6 ribs, fall of the rack juicy and quite fatty as well.  Also seasoned very well with a special type of BBQ sauce on top.  Mashed potatoes were funky - seemed like they weren't actual potatoes, but rather the powdered stuff - not a fan.  I had vegetables on my plate that I had never seen before and asked about them - a purple heirloom carrot and a golden beet!  Love how creative and unconventional the veggies are.  Also came with bok choy, a giant broccoli crown, white asparagus, string beans, and the most perfectly grilled red pepper.  This was actually a lot of food and it's one of those feelings where you eat it and it's really good and afterwards you want to throw up a little because it was so much.

Butternut squash + coconut panna cotta - the texture of the panna cotta wasn't quite right - it was a little too runny and soft.  Still, it was delicious.  Smooth, creamy, and milky.  The whole thing tastes a little like egg nog.

Service was great - my napkins were replaced and I was always asked how I was doing.  Wifey is a great conversationalist as well.