You've seen it everywhere - a big hunk of meat on a skewer revolving under a searing heat.  It's a feast of street meat.  There's always a good deal of fat on the meat to prevent it from drying.  As you look at the sweaty meat you get hungry, and you also get somewhat ashamed that you are about to eat this artery-clogging street meat that's been revolving on a skewer for who knows how long.  The meat is shaved and then scooped into pita bread, with some veggies and toppings.  

There are different variations on the theme, using different meats and spices.  There are also different names depending on the origin, from shawarma to donair, to gyro.

In my opinion this place can hold its own against any meat-on-a-stick in the city.  There are several skewers for different types of meat all are delicious and nicely spiced.  The meat is always seared nice and crisp on the outer layer.

Owned by Lionel Messini of Barcelona and Argentina.

This place deserves Zero Stars! Nah, nah, I'm not serious, I'm just Messini around. It's actually one of the best Gyros in Canada, and everyone should give it a try. Woefully underrated place.

What to get: Beef-and-lamb Gyro (Chicago Style) or authentic Pork Gyro. Better yet, get both.
What else: Come during the Danforth St Festival if you want to wait in line outside for your Gyro for about 47 minutes (minimum).

I'm a mega fan of Gyros and a big connoisseur of them, right down to the point that I can actually spell the word connoisseur. Sometimes.

Messini deserves much higher ratings than it has. OK the service is hit or miss, but come on. I'm not sure if it's pricey to eat in, or if people hate the wait times during the festival, but let's see:

(1) They have both Chicago style and authentic Athens pork-style Gyros
(2) Both are piping hot and juicy and fresh
(3) The pitas and sauces taste great
(4) Both types of Gyro meat are amaaaaaaaaaaaazing
(5) By Toronto standards, both Gyros are fairly affordable

I'm not sure how Messini can score less than a 5 if you come for the Gyro. Easily the best I've had in Canada and one of the best Gyros (of both kinds) in North America. The highlight of Danforth St (along with the amazing Creme Brulee donuts at Von and the insanely perfect Loukamades at Athens Pastries, both of which must be tried to be believed).

Anyone who is in Toronto and likes Gyros simply must try both kinds from Messini. They're pretty juicy so be careful not to make a Messini of yourself.

I think I'll go there tonight. I'm wearing fishnet though, so I feel a bit Mesh-ini. I'm also a little manic today, so I first need to take my Meds-ini. I remind myself of a painting in the MET-ini. If they're closed, then we can go for Tex Mex-ini. Over a bowl of nachos, I'll tell you that you're the sexiest person I've ever Met-ini. It'll make you Melt-ini. Then we'll skip the bedroom activities and go watch the Bluejays beat the Mets-ini because WHAT WOMAN DOESN'T LOVE BASEBALL.

Nah I'm not a baseball fan I was just Messini around again.