Miku is fantastic, so long as money is no object. Usually I'm not a fan of high-priced small portions, but the food here is so tasty and the ambiance so fantastic, that I decided to still give it 5 stars.

Miku is well above your average sushi/Japanese restaurant, in both quality and style. It's the kind of place you go for special occasions, or to impress, so long as you are willing to splurge. The restaurant is very large, elegant, and bustling with young and hip crowd and the upwardly moving.  We spent $170 for a very light dinner for two, including a $50 bottle of wine. I do believe it belongs in the $$$$ category, even if currently listed at $$$.

The sushi here is of high quality. The fish is super fresh and the rice is outstanding. Every sushi has some sauce inside, and does not call for soy on the side. But, they will be happy to provide soy and wasabe if you request. Every ingredient - down to the ginger and wasabi - is of noticeably high quality.

Here is what we ordered:

Salmon Oshi Shushi
Price: $17
Rating: 5/5
This delicious salmon sushi is seared with a blow torch and charcoal and is one of Miku's signature dishes. It contains Miku's special sauce which is a very yummy creamy sauce. A little bit of jalapeno is added for a nice kick. 

Red Wave Roll
Price: $18
Rating: 5/5
A nice roll of crab with tuna on top is garnished with some pickled shallots.

Miku Signature Sushi Selection
Price: $36
Rating: 5/5
Excellent selection of very fresh nigiri sushi with nice sauce integrated inside. My only slight complaint is that the sauce steals a little bit from the delicate taste of the fish, and creates a somewhat uniform flavor so that all pieces taste almost the same.

Kyoto Saikyo Miso Baked Sable Fish
Price: $36
Rating: 5/5
Very delicious dish. The fish is perfectly cooked. There are lots of components and flavors to the dish. The highlight is a sauce made from perfectly charred eggplant. You may have noticed that the best way to coax flavor from an eggplant is to char the skin. This technique is used in middle eastern cuisine. At Miku they have perfected the art and the eggplant on this dish is so deliciously smoky, that it must be the best eggplant I've had. The dish is not big, but it's big on flavor.  

The alcohol selection is on the expensive side. There is a large offering of high-end Sake. Do not expect to find the warm, cheap-and-cheerful sake you find in other Japanese restaurants. Here they only serve the high quality (read: expensive) stuff, which is a little unfortunate - warm, cheap sake is one of my guilty pleasures... We opted for a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc instead.

The service is profession, if at times hurried. The restaurant is so busy and efficient, that pleasantries are somewhat dispensed with. We sat at the raw bar, to watch the sushi being prepared, and it was sort of nice. But, do not expect to see a sushi master at work. This is not like dining at Hiro sushi. Instead you will find an assembly line of young chefs preparing large quantities of sushi using special tools and techniques for high volume. Still, it was kind of nice.  Overall, a very pleasant dining experience.