Clean, precise execution on the food.  5 star service.  Very attractive setting.  It's a reliable choice that won't likely disappoint.  Joanne Kates ranked it the number 1 restaurant in Toronto for 2014.  Before I visited this place I had my doubts, but now I'm a believer.

Full review blogged.  Dish Highlights Below:

Scamorza Pizza with house cured fennel pork salumi, radicchio, chili, local smoked buffalo milk cheese:  Featuring oblong Roman-style pizzas served un-cut on large wooden cheeseboards alongside a pair of shears, this $17 pie would certainly prove a step up from the nodini and with ample amounts of aromatic salumi, bitter radicchio, slightly acidic tomato sauce, and creamy cheese this was a case where the whole was not only as good as the sum of its parts, but better.  With the crust minimally charred and slightly floppy plus each ingredient fresh and flavorful this was the sort of pizza worth going out for and given the lightness of the crust it proved an excellent appetizer for three (and would have proven a formidable main for one.)

Spaghetti Alla Carbonara with bronze die cut gragnano di napoli pasta with house made guanciale, pecorino, black pepper tossed tableside with farm hen's egg:  Dining with two of the least adventurous people I know the pastas at Buca would prove a bit of a challenge as none were boring in the least, but after a more than a week of great eating I was given carte blanche to order something I thought they would like and we started with a rather traditional carbonara featuring salty pork and an ample shake of both pecorino and pepper with the egg added and mixed tableside while the pasta was still steaming.  With the noodles thick and springy and each ingredient melded into silky smooth sauce this was simplicity done right.

Fusilli Al Ferretto with fresh hand rolled fusilli with fennel soffritto, green tomato and golden delicious apple sauce, spot prawns, toasted focaccia:  Obviously more adventurous than the spaghetti this large pile of fusilli would prove to be the savory of the afternoon and also one of the most impressive pastas thus far in 2012.  With each wide noodle prepared to just past al dente and the prawns still snappy it was in the juxtaposition of apple and tomato, fructose versus acid, and the manner in which the aromatic slick of olive oil infused with fennel and garlic that truly made this dish 'pop.'  Uncertain as to how the family would react to such a non-traditional dish I was admittedly surprised when both my mother and aunt seemed equally as wowed as I.

Bigoli hand cranked duck egg pasta with duck ragu, mascarpone, basil:  Perhaps the restaurant's most talked about pasta I ordered this pasta for myself with hopes that the ladies would give it a try but more than willing to eat the whole thing if they did not.  Ignoring the "duck egg" pasta as I find it hard to believe anyone could differentiate they type of egg used in noodles, I will note that the pasta itself was substantially different in texture from the flour/semolina based dishes that proceeded it and with the noodles less absorbent the use of creamy mascarpone mixed with the rich duck ragu worked brilliantly to make the sauce adherent.  A bit 'funky' without being gamey and rife with the flavor of duck confit tucked beneath ripe tomatoes I'm happy to say that while not quite as impressive as the Fusilli I definitely understand this dish's fanfare and would also place it amongst the best pastas of the year thus far.

Tiramisu di Buca with espresso soaked house made tapioca biscuits layered with mascarpone and chocolate mousse:  At $12 I expected this to be one hell of a tiramisu and...well...it was.  Having never heard of "tapioca biscuits" before we were informed that this was a gluten-free recipe utilizing tapioca flour, eggs, and butter to build a fluffy base that was subsequently saturated with espresso prior to being topped with mascarpone, tapioca pudding, chocolate mousse, and finally a crispy chocolate tuille.  Crunchy and creamy, sweetness balanced by bitter - it was a great take on a classic with the tapioca pearls adding another layer of intrigue while the only thing missing, maybe, was a splash of rum.

Risotto Originario with sweet risotto of heirloom Calabrian rice finished with buffalo milk, chianti poached plum, Quebec Flora Honey, Amaretti, Candied Clover:  They had me at "risotto" on a dessert menu and although it was nearly as expensive as one of the pastas ($14) it was worth every penny... toothsome but creamy, sweet but funky...it was perfect, and in this case a picture truly is worth a thousand words as it was the best dessert I had in all of Canada.  

The Verdict:  While some have complained that Buca is expensive (both the food and the all Italian wine list) and I certainly do not disagree with this claim as our lunch (without any of the aforementioned wine but including tax and tip) came out to nearly $45/pp, I can only say that for my tastes it was worth almost every penny.  High on quality, big on flavor, and rustic without sacrificing precision I've been to very few places executing Italian food on the level of Gentile and his team and nearly all of them have either been helmed by men named Vetri, White, Benno, or Batali.