Oh my goodness, I can't give enough stars to Terroni. This was my favorite dining experience of 2012, and it was completely unexpected. 

My wife & I were visiting Toronto and were recommended Terroni by a friend from Toronto. We walked by at about 930pm on a Thursday and were stunned by the aesthetics from down the block. Situated in a gorgeous Courthouse building in the middle of a robust downtown, it just felt either white glove or four star prior to entering.

Walking through the bar area (laden with Italian wines, oils & meats, but tastefully/authentically presented), we were able to snatch a table for two in the somewhat-crowded restaurant. The seating area was not so much upscale as unimposing chic. Italian chic is hard to pull off, but the simplistic, sturdy wooden tables with thin, stylish chairs in an airy, vaulted environment added a degree of sophistication to the restaurant.

We were greeted by a very amenable server who brought us out a wonderful spicy olive oil for our bread, as we ordered the margherita pizza. The wine arrived, the server's demeanor maintained, and we laughed & enjoyed the entire meal, feeling completely at home in this quasi-upscale environ. 

The pizza was Italian pizza at its simple best. Thin, crunchy warmth with a layer of true tomato, handmade mozzarella & full leaves of thick basil. We finished the remaining spicy oil with some of the thin crust, and ordered two pastas: Garganelli Geppetto and Pappardelle alla Iosa. Each is a handmade noodle, and both were elegant, featuring dynamic flavors and an underlying freshness.

As we amused ourselves with the wine, the replica of the Autodromo Nazionale suspended from the ceiling, the puppets representing the classes of Italians & the full sized map (satellite view of the world at night), we wrapped up our meal happy & content, feeling as Italian as one can in Toronto. 

On our way out, we thanked the server and complimented the overall feel of the restaurant, and she encouraged us to "check out the jail cells" downstairs. She escorted us down to the real jail cells (this was a courthouse, remember), which are now used as wine cellars. 

Really, really cool place and highly recommended. Restaurant of the Year, 2012.