Full review blogged, a few highlight dishes below:

Victor's Foie Gras Parfait with Lennox Farms Rhubarb Confit, Black Truffle Coulis, Walnut Crumble:  Course six was the first item we would receive from the nightly menu/tasting and whether it was because I specifically requested it when the chef originally offered to cook for us I really cannot be sure, but served in a sized down portion these ethereal cubes of whipped liver topped with vanilla and rhubarb gels were outstanding.  Creamy and robust with the foie itself sourced from Quebec's Rougie and nicely complimented by each ingredient on the plate I particularly loved the manner in which the foie acted as a vehicle to the aromatics of both the vanilla and the truffle while I saved the small baton of brioche for mopping up the rhubarb and walnuts - a delectable nut butter and jelly chaser.

Alaskan King Crab Chawanmushi, Pork Belly, Pickled Kombu, Dashi:  The midway point of the meal would see my favorite course of the evening literally "swimming" in umami.  Described as steamed king crab and grilled pork belly atop egg custard in a rich stock of bonito and kombu this inspired dish was as sweet as it was savory and as "comfort" as it was complex.  Additionally benefitted by a tableside show where our server poured hot water in a serving bowl studded with river stones, sea shells, seaweed, coriander, and ginger root to release the essence of the sea this was perhaps as 'perfect' a composition as I've had in 2012.

Gaspesie Whelk and George's Bank Sea Scallop with Parsley Puree, Confit Garlic, Fingerling Potato, King Oyster Mushroom:  Having mentioned to another friend that I found Daniel Humm's use of blacks and deep greens both bold and beautiful at Eleven Madison Park only a few weeks prior I was pleasantly surprised when Chef Barry presented this dish to us with an ample discussion of the sourcing, sustainability, and fishing of the whelks.  Generally thought to be a tough 'throw away' item but in this case slow poached to a texture and flavor not dissimilar from burgundy escargot I particularly enjoyed the manner in which the briny gastropods were balanced by a caramelized scallop, gold and violet potatoes, plus herbal notes of garlic, parsley, black olive, and squid ink all present but not overwhelming.

Cumbrae Farms Free Range Guinea Hen, BC Spot Prawn, Edamame Puree, Nori Vinaigrette:  Temporarily reassured by the agnolotti that she would be able to finish the meal our final savory, course eleven, arrived in a substantially larger portion than the aforementioned pasta and much to my delight it featured one of my favorite proteins in two forms - a sous vide breast and a confit of leg along with another duo, that of a fresh BC spot prawn and spot prawn mousse along with briny nori and shellfish emulsion, corn 'powder,' and both whole and pureed edamame.  Tender and moist, pure and fresh, a 'surf n' turf' in both the proteins and the vegetation - yet another sophisticated course from a kitchen firing on all cylinders.

Maple Syrup Smoked Ice Cream, Shortbread, Almond, Cotton Candy:  Described by Barry as a dish inspired by a meal at Alinea our final course of the evening would arrive in a large bowl and while I cannot say the presentation was up to par with what is coming out of Achatz's kitchen, the flavors and the textures were certainly close.  Beginning first with a rich brown butter gateaux and subsequently adding layers of taste and texture including the profoundly smoky yet sweet ice cream, maldon sea salt, toasted almonds, maple cream, crumbled short bread cookies, and finally maple cotton candy compressed into a meringue this sundae was all the flavors I associate with breakfast dressed up and served at dinner - a concept I'd recently seen at both Publican and Per Se and would love to see more of in the future.

The Verdict:  Even in the finest of fine dining establishments it is rare that a meal with ten or more courses consistently wows, changes pace, and merges modernist technique with locavore sensibility without missing a beat, but on March 30th of 2012 Chef Victor Barry and his team did exactly that at Splendido.  Shortly after the meal Heather would call it "the most incredible eating experience of my life" and while I've been fortunate enough to dine at a handful of restaurants that turned out equal or better experiences I can honestly say that I walked out of Splendido that evening as happy as I've been with a restaurant experience in a very long time.  Yes I admit I am gushing and yes I admit we were apparently "known" to the house but I was certainly not privy to this knowledge walking in the door and while I cannot guarantee that anyone's experience will be quite like ours I can say without hesitation that this is a world class kitchen turning out world class food.

***Splendido is an impressive fine dining restaurant that utilizes mostly Canadian produce to create a delicious, memorable and generous tasting menu***

On my recent Toronto trip, I was looking to try something local to the area so I opted for Splendido, which offers contemporary cuisine focusing on seasonal produce and local Canadian product. Splendido offers a tasting menu and it is exceptional; there is no doubting the team's talent as they excel at producing all different types of meat, seafood, pasta, and vegetable preparations.

The dinner started with a series of bites like sweet corn soup paired with a goat cheese gougere, a roe cone, an oyster with mignonette, a warm lobster bite, caviar paired with potato ice cream, an exceptional bite of crispy and salty salmon skin topped with smoked salmon, sweet and sour tamarind and jalapeno, and a warm corn croquette topped with truffle. It was one delicious canapé after another as Splendido definitely reaches the highs of some of the top U.S. restaurants producing fun, delicious and contrasting texture canapés like Quince and Providence.

More great presentations followed like a light and airy porcini crisp topped with mushroom puree. Very moist halibut was simply served with fresh herbs. Halibut can go dry very quickly, but the team here delivered a cod like experience. One of my favorite courses came next--smoked Ontario trout with cultured cream and pickled cipollini. The trout was amazingly moist with a medium rare center but still cooked enough so the fish easily flaked. The cipollini provided a sweet and tangy addition to the prominent smoked flavor of the fish.

The next course was obviously inspired by The French Laundry as it combined many elements of that restaurant's signature course--oysters (smoked here), chives, caviar, and a sabayon. The tapioca pearls were replaced with creamy potato puree and potato chips. Like that Thomas Keller course, this preparation was delicious.

A variety of beets came next including a hearty and potato-like golden beet and thinly sliced ruby red beets (the presentation was modern with light horseradish espuma and a dusting of spruce ash). An exceptional carrot course followed. The carrot was nicely charred so it was soft and sweet on the inside and smoky and crisp on the outside. The carrot was garnished with ginger and crunchy seeds. Creamy egg custard topped with shaved truffle followed.

One of my least favorite courses of the night came next--yellowtail wing topped with fermented black bean and lemon verbena. It was perfectly fine, but I felt the other fish courses were more memorable because of their simpler preparations.

The restaurant has an incredible attention to detail and it really comes across in their bread service, which featured a very hearty bread (soft on the inside with a thick and crunchy crust). The bread was served with a delicious foie gras butter.

The next course was spinach and ricotta agnolotti lightly bathed in an indulgent parmesan sauce and topped with fragrant truffle. The meat course was one of the best beef preparations I've had to date. While the garnishes like heirloom tomatoes, shaved parmesan and basil were all fine, the real star was an aged beef rib cap, which had an exceptional meaty flavor. The bark was amazing too as the fat around the edges was met with high heat, which turned it into a flavorful, smoky and crispy crust.

Given the generous variety of savory courses, it was no surprise that dessert was served as a series of courses including a refreshing gin and tonic dessert with gin espuma, cucumber sorbet, fragrant basil parfait, and an addictively sweet but also salty and savory nori crisp. The next dessert was strawberry panna cotta paired with strawberries, strawberry sorbet, and black sesame. Like the canapés that started dinner, the final sweets were bites like chocolate truffles, mignardises and a mini pecan pie.

Service was exceptional. The restaurant host/server was very polished and professional but also very friendly and welcoming. The barwoman was also very pleasant and, like the rest of the restaurant, showed a great attention to detail, which contributed to the restaurant's excellent beverage program.

Prices are high, but I do not know if I've been to another fine dining restaurant that has produced such a great variety of flavors and presentations utilizing premium ingredients.

Splendido is an excellent fine dining restaurant and a great way to experience the bounty of vegetables and seafood Canada offers. It is difficult for me to compare it to a U.S. restaurant since it excels at creating food that reminds me of Quince, The French Laundry, Saison, Providence, Manresa, Atera, Niche--all great restaurants but all very different. Splendido's ability to operate at that elite level while integrating Canadian produce makes it a must visit if love fine dining and find yourself in Toronto.

Nearby pay parking is available though expensive.