After reading all the reviews here, I HAD to visit. I work pretty closeby, but I didn't start walking there until 1:10ish. I knew it'd be packed during lunchtime. So we arrived at 1:20, there was just one group in front of us. We waited about 10 minutes before our table was ready (table for two).

There are a total of four choices... Four ramen soup choice:
- Tonkotsu (pork bone?) $9.25
- Miso $9.50
- Shio $8.90
- Tonkotsu shoyu $8.90

Plus your choice of thin, thick, or original (not thin not thick) ramen

Sides/extras like egg for $1, edamame $3.

My companion and I both ordered the tonkotsu with thin noodles. The soup was amazing, it came with fatty pork skin (so yummy, actually tastes like roasted duck), black fungi (it's good, promise), one egg. It's VERY filling, for $9.25 it's sooooo worth it. It took a while to finish eating it.

This place is extremely small, it only seats about 20-30 people max. I don't feel at all crammed though, there were lots of space between tables and people. AND they have amazing food, clean, service is great. It's no wonder there's a lineup all the time. 

Around 2ish,there was a lineup of 8 people, but when we left at 2:30 there were no lineups.

The menu is small, but mighty. I came here last Saturday around 5:45pm as a group of 5, but the restaurant split us up into 2 tables. We waited less than 10 minutes for a table. I ordered the tonkotsu ramen and it was delicious! The creamy broth is what makes their ramen so special. The chasu pork was tender, fresh onions, and the soft egg was cooked just right, including the yolk. They got some speedy cooks in here because we all got our ramen in about 5 minutes after putting in the order. 

I must say that seating is limited and this probably isn't the best place to catch up with a friend or to just linger around. People seem to eat and go. The staff members are ok, eager to get you to finish so they can seat the next party. 

Restrooms are down a narrow flight of stairs. By the time we left the restaurant around 6:30pm, there was a long line outside. Overall, I'd love to come back again.