Well all i have to say is that during our vacation here in Toronto, we were definitely on a mission looking for the best of the best in Japanese cuisine and with all the great Izakaya's we have in Hawaii, it's really hard to compare the Japanese food in Hawaii as opposed to the Japanese food they offer here in Toronto. But at Zakkushi on Carlton, we were pleasantly surprised and satisified with our dining experience here.

 I truly love a place that is hopping and busy and at Zakkushi, we went on a Sunday night and this place was packed to the gills and were greeted with the " IRASSHAIMASE " welcome that everyone seems to get whenever there is a customer being seated. The restaurant looks very tight upon walking in, but as you walk through the restaurant, it is actually pretty spacious being that i'm a pretty big guy and i like sitting pretty comfortably.

 As for the menu, it has a nice balance of Yakitori items to Appetizers and Salad's and Seafood as well which is good for me because i love trying a whole bunch of things on the menu. As for the price point here, i wouldn't call this place very expensive, but your bill can add up quite a bit if you are not careful. As for me. i could care less because when you are on vacation, i want to eat everything and anything i can get my hands on. As for the Yakitori, i thought almost everything we ate were quite outstanding and flavorful, and i also like the fact that everything you order is priced per skewer and not in two's like most places i go to. The only thing i didn't like about some items on Zakkushi's Yakitori selection was that the cuts on some items were almost too small and not as generous as you would like it to be, but all in all i wasn't that bad. I just think other people might think otherwise because some people just can't see themselves paying that much per piece. As for the Yakitori items we had, here was a snippet of what we did try...

 Wagyu Beef w/ Oropon Sauce ($6.80 per piece)
 
 Lamb Chop: ($6.80 per piece)

 Cheese Tsukune: ($2.00 per piece)

 Tebasaki or Chicken Wing: ($2.00 per piece)

 Negi Yaki: ($2.00 per piece)

 Oropon Beef: ($2.50 per piece)

 Gyu Tongue: ($2.00 per piece)

 Garlic Prawn: ($2.80 per piece)

 Scallop: ($2.80 per piece)

 Eryngi Mushroom ($2.00)

 Of all of the pieces of Yakitori we indulged on, the Wagyu Beef, Cheese Tsukune, and Tebasaki were well prepared and seasoned to perfection. All the other's were good but nothing to leave a ;lasting impression on me. They weren't terrible but nor was it worth remembering as well.

 As for the Seafood, we were pleasantly surprised how delicious it was, especially being a Yakitori place and not being known for their seafood, but i thought the items we ordered were a perfect compliment with the Yakitori items we ordered because i like switching gears in between bites and we were very satisfied with what we ate. Here were some of the things we tried..

 Salmon and Avocado Carpaccio ($7.80)

 Seafood Salad ($8.50)

 Assorted Sashimi Platter ($13.50)

 Ankimo or Monkfish Liver ($5.20)

 Katsuo Tataki (????)

 Ebi Mayo ($7.50)

 Beef Tataki ($8.60)

 Oden ( Five items for $6.80)

 Annin Tofu ($3.80)

 Black Sesame Ice Cream ($3.80)

 All i can say about the food here at Zakkushi is that almost everything we have tried was truly amazing for the price you pay and the presentation is typical Japanese presentation where everything is placed beautifully on the plate and consistent in terms of taste and flavor. What i really liked about the vibe here at Zakkushi was that although very loud and noisy, i love the way the server's all work well together. I loved how different server's came to our table's without no one screwing up on our orders and not once were we ever rushed unlike our dining experience at Guu Izakaya where we were sat like sardines and were trying to rush us out which is one thing i can't stand. Unlike our dining experience at Zakkushi, we felt welcomed and unrushed and the server's were very upbeat and even had time to chat with us. Those are the qualities that made my dining experience here at Zakkushi an evening to remember unlike our dining experience at Guu where you are treated like a herd of cattle.

 Let's just say that Zakkushi left such a wonderful impression on us, guess where we ate the next evening? At their Sushi Restaurant below Zakkushi called Sushiya which i will review later. Of all the Japanese places we ate at here in Toronto, i would have to put Zakkushi on the top of our list. Great service and excellent food is the perfect combination for a person like me and if i'm ever in Toronto again, this will definitely be a place i will frequent once again.

 Arigato Zakkushi Staff from a Happy Hawaiian Foodie =)