***Momofuku Shoto utilizes Ontario seafood, fruits and vegetables to produce high-end Asian cuisine that reminds me of SF's Benu***

I typically stick to local options when traveling, but I made an exception for Momofuku Shoto.  The food looked too good and the ability to take food photos was a draw given that NY's Momofuku Ko (David Chang's flagship restaurant) forbids it.  I was happy to find out, after visiting both Momofuku Shoto and Daisho in Toronto, that Chang's restaurants here integrate a lot of local ingredients and farms.

Shoto takes the minibar by Jose Andres setup by placing guests directly in the kitchen so that guests can watch chefs plate and interact with them to learn more about the dinner's ingredients and preparations.  This style is becoming more popular (NY's Atera is also doing this) and it makes sense given how popular culinary is right now.

The menu at Shoto is a contemporary Asian tasting menu--a mix of Western, Japanese and Chinese ingredients and techniques.  The menu started with a series of very good amuses.  Up first was a raw oyster topped with a spicy pepperoncini sauce.  This was followed by lamb tartare on toast with sesame seeds and balsamic.  Creamy zucchini custard topped with a mix of razor clams and tomato followed.  The final amuse was an earthy chanterelle soup with a garnish of perfectly fried and amazingly tender duck tongue.

The first course was very soft and moist raw diver scallop dressed with big chunks of strong lemongrass and a refreshing celery jus (fun use of poppy seed too).  Really good Spanish mackerel followed--pickled but not too strong.  The crudo was garnished with fennel and spicy green chile.

One of the best courses came next, which was warm daikon soup garnished with crisp radishes, grilled local trout and roe, and crunchy almond slivers.  The roe exploded with juiciness while the trout was exceptional.  It had a crisp skin while the flesh was moist, soft and perfectly flaky.  I also enjoyed the soup, which was warm and hearty like a potato soup but also light.

Another excellent course came next, which perfectly combined Western, Japanese and Chinese cuisines.  The core ingredient was a perfectly moist, fluffy and not too sweet tamago.  The tamago was topped with a savory fermented black bean (it also had a light salty punch).  The tamago was garnished with fresh greens and moist and tender poached lobster.

The next course was pan fried gyoza topped with shaved albacore tuna.  I enjoyed the crust on the gyoza.  It had a crispy layer that exceeded the width of the dumplings (kind of like when you grill shredded cheese in a pan).  The shaved tuna was also great (similar to bonito).  The tuna was smoked and then finely shaved over top of the dumplings.  The problem with these types of courses though is that the kitchen needs to use a premium filling in its entirety like foie gras to stand out.  The veal was grounded up too much (it ended up tasting like ground pork).

My favorite course followed.  It was steamed halibut topped with XO sauce, julienne scallions and corn tempura.  The XO sauce was great--hearty with a salty, savory and spicy kick like really good chorizo.  It was lightened up by scallions and there was enough of the moist halibut to keep the XO sauce from overpowering everything.  The corn tempura was really fun as it delivered the light crispy crunch of great tempura but also a sweeter than usual tempura filling.

Next up was fried green tomato with shaved goat's milk gouda, greens and chicken liver mousse.  Really nicely cooked pork rib followed.  The fat had been reduced down enough and the meat was juicy and tender.  The pork rib was glazed in a plum and maple sauce and served with grilled little gem lettuce.

Dessert was served in two courses--both light.  First up was really good kiwi sorbet over fresh ricotta cheese while the second course consisted of strawberry sorbet, fresh strawberries, milk foam, green tea mousse, and really good shortbread.

Service was excellent.  The servers were very professional, polished and personable.  The chefs were also nice and would entertain questions from guests.  The food came out at a good pace though the timing between courses got a little more elongated as the restaurant filled up.

Prices are high though Shoto is a very unique experience and the restaurant serves a great variety of ingredients and preparations.

Momofuku Shoto tastes like it could be in SF, NY or Chicago, but it also integrates ingredients local to the area.  It takes the high standards and finesse of its NY origin as well as local Toronto product to deliver a dining experience that can compete with America's best while also feeling very unique to the area.

I do not know what the parking situation is.