Dining Experience: Lunch
Specialty: Classic American Burgers
Location: 1636 Queen Street East, Toronto, ON
(Opening Soon - Yonge/Lawrence)
Menu items: The Vatican with Chili Cheese Fries

The line-ups, overwhelming crowds, comfort food smell and juicy back-to-basics burgers, is what's making The Burger's Priest the talk of town.

To best describe the Priest's burger selection, I will simply break it down for you...lettuce, onions, tomatoes, processed cheese, ketchup, beef pattie.

When I arrived at the Burger's Priest on a Saturday afternoon, I came with an illusion of having one of the best burger experiences. My illusion turned into extreme happiness, when I realized two things; one, they have a "secret menu" that only gets published on their Facebook page, not a super secret, but cool nonetheless, and two, the Burger's are just simple American style burgers. There are no added crazy ingredients like what you would have at the Yellow Griffin, or the need for fancy ingredients like John's Burger at Marben.

What you get instead is a juicy custom blend of ultra premium beef, grind multiple times at the premises, with a ton of flavour and a perfect grilling technique. I am not quite sure how to best describe this buttery and tasty burger; but I can tell you this much - it is by far the BEST simple American burger I have ever had. Amen!

The Vatican burger was my selection for the day and in my mind one of the tastiest burgers on their menu, or secret menu I should say. What I liked about it is the fact that the Priest added another American tradition to this burger - Grilled Cheese. Instead of having just bread, they made it a grilled cheese, top and bottom! Now that deserves a Hail Mary right there!

But my praying did not stop there! As if I hadn't have enough greasy goodness for the day, I decided to also treat myself to the Chili Cheese Fries. I mean, after all, I need to ensure my fellow foodies get to read a great review.

The fries are plain and good; crunchy and just cooked right. The Chili Cheese sauce, well that my friends is another one big hit at this place. In my mind these fries, and to put it in fancy terms, are a De-constructed version of the burger, with the fries just replacing the bread. Simple, tasty...amazing! 

Foodies Must-Know: 
1. Burger's Priest Queen location just does take out; although they are opening a North York location soon, which might have some seating arrangement.
2. Burger's Priest only takes cash 
3. You can call ahead to order for pick-up

Buen Provecho,
Viviana.

Aw shit, I love this place. If ever there was a religion I would prescribe to, it'd be the greasy food gods. 

I go for the fail safe The Priest with everything on it. The Priest is a cheese burger topped with a fried mushroom stuffed with cheese. It's a lot, so I never get any sides. Get it, thank me later. 

It's true, their secret menu has a myriad of extra options, a cornucopia if you will, but go in armed with the knowledge* as they don't have time to spout off everything on it. This place gets busssssy. 

PEPPER POINTS: For being worth the wait every time, oh holy one. 

13/30

*KNOWLEDGE! Here is the link to their secret menu: http://www.theburgerspriest.com/secret-menu/