I have held several events at Italian restaurants in the past, and they all fell short. Yes, most of my guests seemed to love the pizza, but I am just too particular I guess. Though I do love Pizzeria Libretto - but they can't be the only restaurant (chain) in Toronto that serves delicious pizza? The kind of pizza that when you take a bite, you can savor each individual ingredient.... How is it that I like to put it? Mmm... oh, "when the ingredients sing in perfect harmony.." Ick! So cheesy! No pun intended. HAHA I know, I am a riot!

Anywho, so after a great deal of research, and a lot of back-and-forth, I contacted Pizzeria Defina, and OMG, Roksolana (owner) patiently put up with my million questions (poor soul), and agreed (shocking!) to give us a family style experience. Oh yeah, we are dining like one would in Nona's house in Italia--pass those plates around and mangia!

The days before this dinner were stressful! The fact was that I had no idea what we were going to be eating. Roksalana had said that my group would get to sample a few appetizers, and each person would get a couple of slices of pizza, and a dessert. This sounded fine to me when she and I initially discussed the menu, however, the week before this dinner I had gone out for brunch with friends, and the restaurant and I had agreed upon a similar deal (family style--but in this case brunch, not dinner), and that experience did not go well at all! So I guess you could say that I was panicking and maybe even traumatized. "What if this dinner is a complete bust like the last one? I will feel incredibly guilty for dragging 10 friends to another disastrous meal." But I took a deep breath, and decided to take the plunge and trust Roksalana.

We arrived for our dinner at 7pm, and our table was ready for us. Shortly after our arrival, our waiter came over to our table and asked if I was there ("is Itanni here?"). So I introduced myself, and asked if we could wait a couple more minutes before the first course came out. At 10 after 7pm we received our first course, and let me tell you, I blew out a huge sigh of relief. Unlike my last family style experience, the portions we received at Pizzeria Defina were plentiful, and the staff was relaxed and knowledgeable. I also did not have to worry about timing, or having my guests leave hungry.

I normally review each individual dish, but in this case, I don't see the point. The review for each dish would read the same: "wow, delicious, amazing, fresh.." We were all blown away by the food. This was a meal of my dreams that I did not think anyone would be able to make a reality, and somehow Roksolana and her team did. We dined on dishes that were made with fresh ingredients, perfect ingredient combinations, on-the-money seasoning, vegetables grilled to perfection, perfect pizzas.... I died and went to food heaven.

From the bottom of my heart, THANK YOU Pizzeria Defina for accommodating my request, and for giving me one of the best dining experiences of my life. The food was phenomenal and I can't wait to return!

http://t.co/OZCgpyBE5I