I've rarely had "great" meals in Toronto. Many good ones, just not great. Gio's Rana's really put together a top notch dining experience. It was a cold winter night, people were packed in, side-by-side tables, the ambiance was very cozy. An interesting mix of casual hipsters and well-heeled diners. 

Of note, this place is busy and there is a constant clamour for seats, people waiting at the bar, walk-ins etc. The previous reviews of poor service or waiting is likely a result of the volume. I got a bird-eye's view of the door from our table and just too many people to please, several who were fairly rude, entitled and demanding. Hopefully, those people don't become regulars. This place is inviting and many people often sit and enjoy a bottle of wine well after their meal so that makes seating a nightmare.

So why do people flock here? Clearly, the food. A great menu which accommodates many different appetites. It is Italian, but not pasta-heavy. Highlights of a few because they don't have a menu on-line.

Starters

Scotty's Meatball -  A single, large, well-textured meatball served with a delicious tomato-sauce - great for sharing, solid.

Scallops-/Pork Belly - Scallops done to perfection - hard to find these days, just tender and cooked through to center. Pork belly was a bit of an afterthought but also tender.

Crespelle - Italian crepe, filled with butternut squash puree, cream and sage - amazing, satiny and creamy, just a wonderful dish, we ordered a second for our late arriving guest

Pasta della settimana - "pasta of the week", Linguine al dente with roasted peppers - perfect, an amazing bite and nice complementary size to your entrees.

Entrees

Osso-bucco - hearty, fall of the bone and satisfying

Involutini - shredded pork stuff inside a rib-eye, distinct, flaky and meaty, nice compliment to the pasta

Slow-cooked short ribs - Again, fall of the bone goodness, infused with flavour and a large portion.

Tiramisu - cool, light, chocolatey goodness

This place doesn't have a website I could locate and perhaps that's better for the mystery but you'd be remiss not to come here for a great meal - food is top-notch for the price point, service is efficient and accommodating to those who are gracious, a great atmosphere and overall, one of the better dining experiences in Toronto.