Dining Experience: Dinner
Specialty: Japanese
Menu items: Butter Fish, Yuzu Maki and Chef's Sushi Delux

Butter, was how Yuzu's fantastic assortment of sashimi, nigri and sushi felt like in my mouth. This restaurant deserves a full 5 star review for its excellent service, friendly staff, calm atmosphere, nice decor and amazing food and plating presentation. It just has all the right things working together making one's dining experience a delight.

Starting with the butter fish (the name itself describes its taste), the fish is soft and fresh. The top is a bit burnt (guessing blow torch) to complement the soft texture from the fish and add some crunch to it. Topped with a cute looking potato-like chip, I felt like I was in heaven eating this piece of white goodness.

Deciding on the Chef's Sushi Delux comprised of a lovely assortment of nigri and 6 pieces of sushi; the night was definitely taking shape in the form of yummy raw fish. From what I recall, we were served with a really great selection of squid, tuna belly, salmon, tuna, shrimp and scallop.

The sushi was a traditional dynamite roll. But at Yuzu, there is nothing traditional about their sushi. Still with its own twist to it, the roll was tasty, savory and the rice was just done right.

Rice, is what I want to talk about now. I always thought rice in sushi or nigri was just a partner to fish, at times, to fill one's belly faster if the raw fish was not enough. However, Yuzu taught me there is not such thing as just a "side" of rice. Their rice is one of their best, aside from the fish. Its perfectly cooked and seasoned, the grain is just the right texture and...its just like butter. Coming to think of it, I think part of the reason why this whole experience felt like butter to me was because of the rice itself. What a treat and an enjoyment to one's meal. 

Last menu item, and one with which I had the most fun with, was the Yuzu Maki.
The maki (aka sushi) comes with flames bursting off the side of the plate, serving as the searing avenue for the dish. The server waits until the flames have ceased and then proceeds to explain what the dish is about. Simply, a delicious concoction of shrimp tempura, spicy scallop, avocado and tobiko. The scallop is atop the maki which upon biting onto it, gives away the soft and buttery flavour of the scallop, then hits you with the spiciness and before it gets too spicy the rice and tempura from inside the maki come to calm it all away. What an unforgettable experience.

Buen Provecho,
Viviana

I've been here three times now, and I'm definitely coming back for more!

I love the sea urchin sushi's here, very very fresh and extremely soft. Their salmon roe sushi is really good too: large and lots of it. Their sushi doesn't come apart after several bites, that's important.

The chirashizushi $25 (chef's selection of assorted sashimi on sushi rice) is packed with fresh seafoods: salmon, tuna, clamfish, egg, Actually this is just like other chirashidon, but it's still very very good.

Their tempura udon ($15) comes in a big bowl plus a dish of shrimp tempura on the side. It's actually very filling. I thought the udon tasted quite bland though.. The soup was just okay.

The tenzarusoba noodles (cold soba, $16) were delicious. Comes with a quail egg glued to the sauce bowl's lid with wasabi. The quail egg is cut open at the top, with the egg contents still inside the shell. It looks really cute and fancy! 

The prices on the lunch menus are different from their dinner's. These prices I listed here are from the dinner menu and are more expensive than lunch. 

Service is amazing, maybe I've just had good luck here. They are polite and humble. Unlike Western restaurants, waitresses here did not check up on our table, which was fine. But they make sure we always have warm tea.

Thanks again, Yelp, for the great suggestion!

I came here to eat by myself (on business) and was seated in the corner by the window, facing a couple directly across a couple who loved making out.  Super.

Service: The waitresses and "director of operations" as he put it were very helpful and very accommodating and hospitable.  Service was great - I was immediately served [delicious] hot tea after arriving, probably because I looked like I was freezing in the crazy cold outside.

Atmosphere: Love it!  I didn't feel weird eating by myself (other than the lovey dovey couple in front of me).  There were only 3 parties including myself in the restaurant on a Monday night - I feel like I could have been sat somewhere else lol.  Plentiful seats and a nice bar area.

Food: 

Asari sakamushi - manila clams steamed in sake + mushrooms.  SO DELICIOUS.  I would definitely recommend this dish if you are a shellfish lover.  Watch out for the couple of pieces of runaway sand/rock.  Favorite of my 3 dishes.

Spicy salmon roll - yum!  Fresh salmon.  Wasn't a fan of the cucumber, though.  Never had spicy salmon roll with cucumber.  They use spicy chili oil instead of the nasty crunchy spicy sriracha mix that some sushi restaurants sometimes use.  

Nabeyaki udon - needed this after trekking the cold.  Udon was good texture and the broth was flavorful and perfect for the cold weather.  Lots of different seafood in it as well.  Not a fan of the chinese celery.

Paid for my meal and was given a card to call if I ever went back - was told I'd be taken care of - whatever that means!