Oh Nami, may I count the ways I love you...

I have a serious love affair with this place.  I remember many late nights, sitting in the private booths, eating some of the best vegetarian sushi I've ever had.  It's a great place for dinner parties or work meetings.  The staff is very traditional and so polite.  I love this place and if I lived in Toronto, I would want to make it my home.

SOME FAVORITES OF MINE ON THE MENU:

CHEF'S CHOICE PLATTER:  I don't eat fish but I thought I'd start out with a shout out to this one.  I was at a work dinner meeting and my boss and a coworker ordered this and man, they said it was out of this world.  It's a blast seeing what's fresh.  If I had to eat fish, I think that this sushi place might be a great place to do it.

VEGETARIAN ROLLS:  Great avocado/cucumber roll here.  Very fresh, rice is a great texture.

VEGETARIAN TEMPURA:  Yummy tempura.  Not greasy at all.  The sauce is great to eat it with.

AGEDASHI TOFU:  YUM.  I remember this always being a favorite of mine when visiting.  Great big portion.  

STEAMED MUSHROOMS:  I dream about these, so much so that I have begun to seek them out at different places when I am in Los Angeles.  Now that I came back to Toronto, I will say that these may be a little more subtle than some places I have had them ... but these mushrooms have a mellow creamy texture I just can't get over.

GREEN TEA CREME BRULEE:  The waitress recommended this to me over the mochi and I was so glad she did.  Kudos to her, because this may be one of the best custard/brulee's I have ever had.  Was thick, rich, and mellow at the same time.

I am sure there are tons of great dishes that I have tried that I am missing, but these are the standouts to me.  I love Nami, and I wish I lived in Toronto full time so that I could enjoy Nami year round...

LOVE THIS PLACE!

This is one of my Dad's favourite sushi places in the city, so it's one of the retaurants we go to most often.

It's high-end sushi, as far as Toronto is concerned.

The service is FAB, the atmosphere/design is upscale, chic, very cool but still authentic feeling, and the chefs are INCREDIBLE. You will find some of the freshest ingredients in the city here.

So: to clarify the scope of this review, I am a vegetarian (sometimes I do eat shellfish though... this is a result of a summer spent in PEI in 2008). The only non-veg thing I have tried here is the California Rolls, and that hardly counts!

Nasudengaku - deep-fried eggplant with miso sauce
Ohitashi - boiled spinach with sesame sauce
Edamame - done RIGHT here!
Sansai Udon - soy-based bonito broth with mountain vegetables
Kappa Maki - cucumber 
Natto Maki - fermented soy bean
California Roll - avocado, cucumber, flying fish roe & crab cake
Vegetable Maki - avocado & cucumber

And at the robata, my favourites are:
Mixed mushroom - grilled or steamed with butter & sake
Satsuma Ino - yam/sweet potato
Nasu - eggplant

NOTE!!! As tradition dictates, the wasabi is rolled WITH the maki when the chef prepares them. If you are sensitive to or dislike wasabi, be SURE to alert your server or ask to have it left out completely so you can flavour to your own taste!

It IS possible to have great sushi in Toronto!

Nami set the bar for all my dining experiences in Toronto and was hard to top.  When you enter the restaurant, you'll be confronted by a samurai warrior.  Not a real one, it was just a costume, but beside it you'll be greeted by a friendly Japanese hostess dressed in a traditional kimono.  So far so good.  

The Sushi Pizza was recommended to me a few time from friends so I had to order it.  Salmon sashimi topped with spicy sauce and roe on top of deep fried rice.  The combination and textures went together very well.  All other nigiri and sushi I ordered were fresh and high quality.  

As my husband and I ate, there was soft music playing in the background.  I know it was a CD, but I imagined a harp being played behind one of the screen doors while a geisha danced to the music.  The service throughout our whole meal was fantastic and we'll be back again.