I had the opportunity to visit Ganzi Osteria this summer for an event. As many have pointed out, the home/restaurant is gorgeous. I had the opportunity to sample an array of dishes, but I was not a big fan of the donut, but only because I do not like marmalade. In fact, almost everyone at the event loved the donuts so don't take my word for it. Besides the donuts, I can't think of a dish I did not enjoy. 

In the middle of the event I did something to my camera and could not figure out how to fix it. A staff member noticed my distress and she and several others came over to help me. Not only was the staff professional, but they went out of their way to make my night a great one. Now that I know about this restaurant, I will certainly be returning. 

Yes, I have noticed that many reviewers have had some issues with this restaurant. This restaurant is pretty new and it is my feeling that they are working hard on smoothing out the kinks. That said, I can see why many diners would be apprehensive about dining here. If you are not sure about ordering a whole meal here, then at least check-out their bar. It's pretty awesome!

**This review is about the food I had during the event I attended. I cannot speak for their day-to-day dishes. I do hope that the food we had at the event (quality of ingredients, taste and look) is what they are serving on a daily basis.

I'm honestly shocked at how divided people are about Ganzi. I wonder if it was a case of them getting a slow start when they initially opened two years ago? A couple of really busy nights in a hot summer that through them off? If so, go back Torontonians! You won't be disappointed! 

I've had some of the most beautiful pizza here and their osso bucco is fall-off-the-bone, juicy goodness. They also do these donut-like dessert things that I had at a Yelp event, and I've got to say: those things are legit. Probably not good for the hips, but people went nuts for them. Beyond their eats, their liquid treats are hot hot hot, too. 

It's true, I have worked with them a few times so I'm a little bit biased, but they are that clutch restaurant that will do last minute catering when you need help, and not only will they show up, but their chef will serenade you with Italian arias when they do. I've worked with them on multiple occasions, and dined here independently one other time, and I can say without any doubt: I heart this five star business. 

The chef and management do pop ups on the regular, and are just always up to try something new and show off their goods. Today they housed an In N Out Burger pop up for TIFF. Let's get real, that's the coolest thing that happened in Toronto today, and though I didn't line up for an animal style cheeseburger, I have a great appreciation for all that these guys do.