Where shall I begin... I was only going to be in Toronto for 3 days and this was the first restaurant I wanted to try because of it's awesome reviews.

Right when you open the door, everyone SCREAMS welcoming Japanese greetings. Sadly, my boyfriend and I had to wait 40 minutes on a Friday night for 2 bar seats... but the tasty food and friendly service definitely made up for it!

Everything is tapas style, so we ordered 6 plates, 1 dessert, and the Japanese soda (which is really sweet but very addicting). My favorite dishes were the BLACK COD ($11) which is a small piece, but so succulent and tender that it melts in your mouth and the SEARED SALMON ($6) which had delicious toasted garlic flakes. My boyfriend liked the FRIED OCTOPUS BALLS, but I found them way too creamy/overwhelming. We also ordered the amberjack sashimi (better than yellowtail IMO), gyu carpaccio (the sauce was too sweet for my taste), and bacon scallops (nothing out of the ordinary and my least favorite dish). The BLACK SESAME ICE CREAM looks very unusual, but after the first few bites, I couldn't stop eating it... it was sweet yet salty and a delicious ending to our meal!

I suggest not coming here if you're very very hungry or else you'll need ~6 plates to get full by yourself!

They also scream good-byes when you leave... the upbeat atmosphere definitely leaves you with a happy mood. I can't wait to come back on my next visit to Canada!

Guu you guys were amazing thank you for such a great time.

Came here with a few friends, line up was a bit long but worth the wait. As you come in you are greeted by completely the entire staff including the cooks! How do they even keep up with so much energy must be a great environment to work in. 
What draws me back here every time is their menu is never always the same old items as they change many times during the seasons. 

We had an amazing waitress that carefully explained their specials and her recommendations.

I must say I was skeptical at first to try the lobster sashimi but wow never have I tasted something so wonderful!!

Must try you will not regret!!!!

Dining Experience: Dinner
Specialty: Japanese 
Menu items: Gyu Shabu Salad, Maguro Tataki, Gindara and Kinoko Bibimbap and Otokomae cocktail

Guu Izakaya its not just a restaurant. It's a culture.

One does not head to Guu for peace and quiet or to enjoy some "OK" food. When I think of Guu, I think of fantastic dishes with unique taste and flavours, out of this world drinks and a crazy atmosphere; and I pretty much get on the Guu state of mind.

To get on this state of mind I speak of, one's meal must start with their signature cocktails. In my case, the Otokomae. In ancient times, Izakaya referred to places where people went to enjoy a drink and a good chat. So it is with reason that Guu Izakaya's many specialties involve some good doses of alcohol. My Otokomae drink was a delicious mixture of sake, tequila, cointreau, cassis and orange juice, which the waiter kindly advise me to squeeze in the juicer and then proceed to pour onto my drink; therefore making it that much more fresh and delish.

Guu's style is tapas inspired, so my party and I decided to share an array of dishes to truly enjoy the Guu state of mind; starting with a nice Gyu Shabu Salad.

At first glance, I thought this salad was just OK looking given its lack of ingredients, not realizing that a salad, if made well, should taste good regardless. And this was certainly one dish Guu's Chef knows how to make. This salad, on the first bite, immediately raised to the top next to Susur Lee's famous slaw. Oh yes it did!
Its simple and fresh, with an explosion of flavour coming from both the shabu-shabu beef and the fantastic black sesame dressing. That combination of the dressing, with the beef, peppers and greens, was all I really needed.

Next on the order was of course a sashimi dish, tuna to be exact; also known on the menu as Maguro Tataki.
The B.C tuna was incredibly fresh and tasty. This piece of fish had been lightly seared on what I bet where some oak and apple wood in the fire. I am not 100% on this, but this is what I tasted. Drizzled with Ponzu, a Japanese citrus-based sauce, and accompanied with garlic chips, this dish was one of my favourites at Guu Izakaya.

Staying on the fish food group, we followed with the Gindara.
Placed, and probably cooked on what looked like a banana leaf, was a black cod that is grilled and drizzled with miso and a white wine sauce, and melted like butter in my mouth. And if I may add, black cod is my favourite fish in whole wide world, so my love for this dish is beyond words.

Lastly, and to put a nice and lovely end to our Guu culture experience, we had the famous Bibimbap. We decided on the Kinoko style which came with rice, mushrooms and cheese in a seaweed sauce. The rice, once again, hit the spot like good Japanese places usually do. This rice was just as good as that of Yuzu's, and the Bibimbap, meaning the whole dish, was better than my recently reviewed one at Seor Ak San. Seor's is still good, but its a second contender to Guu.

And so I leave you with my Guu state of mind.

Buen Provecho,
Viviana,