I've had my share of Yummy Yummy Dumplings in my day, especially when I used to live in California, I was a pretty wild child, and that's not even including dumplings in a food sense. If you think dumplings are something that gets served with Roast Beef and Gravy, then leave the Midwest for a week or so, and fly up to Toronto and get schooled.

What to get: Pan Fried Dumplings
What else: While these are amazing, you *must* try the ones at Dumpling House too

So I make notes after I eat somewhere, which I later use in a review where I add all the flowery language and bad jokes and flowery language and repetition and flowery language. And my notes for YYD say:

Incredible dumplings, wonderful service from girl, really delicious pan fried pork dumplings with hot oil, yum, cheap, friendly, bathroom, not busy.

I'm not sure what "bathroom" means. That they have a bathroom? That the bathroom is nice? That it is awful? That it is notable in some way? Welcome to the wonderful world of making notes that you don't actually understand months later.

What I do know is that the girl really was one of the best servers I've had in Canada. So friendly and helpful and lovely. I wanted to ask for her number, but the guy in the booth behind me was an ex and I didn't want any jealousy issues, so. I'm a dumpling lover, not a fighter.

The hot oil is a big deal. Add it to the dumplings for a little kick. Cheap is right. It's almost sad how cheap the dumplings are in Chinatown. But that just means you can order more right? How many dumplings can you fit in your mouth? Back in 'Frisco I could do 10 at a time. But that was before I discovered that dumplings were also a food item.

What else I do know is that when I'm in Toronto and I want dumplings, there are 2 places I go. Dumpling House for literally the best on the planet, unlike any other you'll ever have. And then here to the much quieter, much more friendly, unassuming YYD, for traditional style, wet, juicy, perfect Pork And Chive Dumplings. Of the two, I'd pick the other every time. But you kind of have to go to both. Not least because this place is often as quiet as .....

.....

....

As that. Whereas the other is often, wait for a table and then get thrown out the door as you suck the juice out of your last dumpling.

Oh, sucking juice out of dumplings. Those were the days.

But anyway back to food.

Come to Toronto. Visit Chinatown. Try the dumplings here, and at Dumpling House nearby on Spadina. Fried Pork And Chive, both times. Or the non-fried here are great too. Then try Pork Bone Soup from Keor Ak San. And don't forget to go all the way up to Kevin's Taiyaki for a custard fish shaped dessert. After those 4 stops, you'll have tried the very best that Asian Toronto has to offer. You can wash it all down with an exquisite Banh Mi from Banh Mi Boys.

Speaking of boys. Oh how I miss those California dumplings. Yummy Yummy in my tummy was actually my nickname in San Francisco in '77. Ah well. Times change.